Free tier docs (#3084)
earthly/earthly: docs/basics/part-8b-using-earthly-ci.md

> An alternative to using a traditional CI system (see [part 8a](./part-8a-using-earthly-in-your-current-ci.md)) is to use Earthly CI. With Earthly CI, you don't need any other build specification other than the Earthfile. Earthly CI uses the same technology underneath as Earthly Satellites, which means that it is dramatically faster than traditional CI systems through the use of its instantly-available cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative to using a traditional CI system (see [part 8a](./part-8a-using-earthly-in-your-current-ci.md)) is to use Earthly CI. Earthly CI is a full-fledged continuous integration system that uses Earthly Satellites under the hood, which means that it is dramatically faster than traditional CI systems through the use of Satellites' instantly-available cache. With Earthly CI, you don't need any build specification other than a simple Earthfile.
```

> Earthly CI is part of Earthly Cloud and you can use it for free as part of the free tier, which includes 6,000 build minutes per month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Earthly CI is part of Earthly Cloud. You can use it for free as part of our free tier. Get started with Earthly Cloud by visiting the [sign up](https://cloud.earthly.dev/login) page, and get 6,000 build minutes/month for free.
```
